---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html

---

I am a Senior Algorithm Engineer at Ant Group, specializing in the security and safety of large language models. I obtained my doctoral degree at [CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security](https://cispa.de/), advised by [Prof. Yang Zhang](https://yangzhangalmo.github.io/). I obtained my bachelor's degree from Fudan University, advised by [Prof. Yuan Zhang](https://yuanxzhang.github.io/). 

## Research Interests

- Trustworthy Machine Learning
- System Security

## Award

- Best paper finalist at CSAW Europe 2024

## News
- [02/2026]One paper "Teach to Reason Safely: Policy-Guided Safety Tuning for MLRMs" got accepted in ICLR 2024!
- [08/2025][MCPScan](https://github.com/antgroup/MCPScan) is open-sourced, feel free to star : D.
- [07/2025]The single-agent testing standard I co-authored has been released by the World Digital Technology Academy (WDTA)!
- [02/2025]I joined Ant Group as the Senior Algorithm Engineer!
- [09/2024]Our paper “DE-FAKE: Detection and Attribution of Fake Images Generated by Text-to-Image Generation Models” is in the best paper finalist of CSAW Europe 2024!
- [09/2024]One paper “Reconstruct Your Previous Conversations! Comprehensively Investigating Privacy Leakage Risks in Conversations with GPT Models” got accepted in EMNLP 2024!
- [08/2024]One paper “ZeroFake: Zero-Shot Detection of Fake Images Generated and Edited by Text-to-Image Generation Models” got accepted in CCS 2024!
- [03/2024]]One paper “Games and Beyond: Analyzing the Bullet Chats of Esports Livestreaming” got accepted in ICWSM 2024!
- [05/2023]One paper “DE-FAKE: Detection and Attribution of Fake Images Generated by Text-to-Image Generation Models” got accepted in CCS 2023!
- [02/2023]One paper “Can’t Steal? Cont-Steal! Contrastive Stealing Attacks Against Image Encoders” got accepted in CVPR 2023!
